hi guys and welcome to episode 2 of
fatal for with the 90 bit closer if any
of you guys want normal team coins duper
to the place du seen this series we even
on the bench make sure you check out one
FIFA calm their link is down below in
the description if you use discount call
bits and as I gets five cent off your
ultimate team coins got any MSP PSN
codes or cheap game codes as well make
sure you check out g2 eircom their link
is also there and who can try and smash
over 3000 x guys like we did last night
that be absolutely awesome so on the
screen now you are seeing this selection
which you guys chose the majority of you
guys chose draxler and the 87 rated
international man of the match neue so
that was a nice spending speed to be
honest on on the 400 k we did win in the
previous match now have any matches
sorry so if any of you guys haven't
checked out all the other people
competing in it there is no pen fest
Finch answear back all their channel
links are down below make sure you go
and check them out and see their
progress as well we possibly maybe
switching this up to a german /
Bundesliga highway because I've looked
at the left back and the left that's
going to be a bit of a trouble so i
might get and if i can afford it alaba
that's is it alaba i think it's Alaba
and but if not we're going to stick with
full german and put it over
there anywhere so with that said guys we
all stick will four one two one two
we're going to go today with two matches
again we put we post companies as well a
lot different to how the other guys
doing it but it is the way I've always
done this series we are aiming to get as
much money on the banking we're going to
hopefully upgrade some decent players
and be also give you guys some decent
choices at the end of the video because
that is exactly what does make the
series so with that said guys smash a
like button subscribe check out all the
other channels and let's see how we do
in the online single matches full
chemistry challenge against someone
online
so here we are in Game one Draxler added
to team Maya a lead to the team and we
come up against a nice-looking BPL team
very sweet looking BPL team in a free
for 12 with Kevin Morales right midfield
a very dangerous player I know and maybe
you guys do not as well but this game
was a bit laggy as you can tell with the
with the ball I turn in different ways
and our first girl was very nice and it
was from our debutante which was Dracula
getting on the scoresheet and continuing
his haggle high goal scoring for me
because he scores some absolutely crazy
girls and is my perfect German camp but
this guy was leaving some massive gaps
in his air defense especially from
booting the ball out when oh yeah and we
took advantage of that in the 40th
minute with closer wouldn't on through
and obviously he's not going to miss
from there a nice finesse past the
goalkeeper makes it to nils that puts a
100k in the bank and that's exactly what
we do need to keep more and in the 45th
minute he does leave a massive gap again
doesn't seem to run back and close over
and I'm through but this time he is
caught by a defender but decided to go a
different route away from his defenders
now the lag was there it was an annoying
game but we did go 150 k into the bank
in the 45th minute but in the second
half this guy got really pissed off and
decided to rage quit well that's what a
fall anywhere so the vid kick Ridge quit
rules are if you lose that's an extra
hole if you win there and they rage quit
that's next 100 k in the bank so in this
game we have got 250 k and that takes us
to the next game of game fail for
on the final game of this episode of
week off against record brick a closer
team of the season lamb and a few other
really expensive players like you can
see Robin international man of the match
in the center midfield position as well
but we got off to a nice tan mal Apple
went on through Caesar keeper come off
his line oh I Frankie did and we go with
a perfect lob over in putting 50 K into
the bank now Draxler was feeling nice so
I prefer him to any other gym player no
idea why but we do get a little bit
looking as he puts the ball out to our
attacker and malapa gets a head on it to
make it to kneel in the 22nd minute now
considering the team that guy had I
thought he would give me a lot of
trouble but he never wasn't really
pushing on the door Eva but the one time
he did he got me of a perfect from
closer which seems to be closers perfect
shot actually because he saw the
ultimate squads against Finch he got a
few times on the score sheet and put a
few girls at against Finch with that
chip so in the 40th minute when I'm
through with draxler and he gets on the
squashy again to make it two goals in
two games and then he finishes he
finishes it off and look how he does
finishes this off a nice through ball
running away and the across shot a pasta
path past know you as well of all people
nya gets broken at 41 and that puts and
150 k into the bank but this guy after
this goal guys continued to be a bit of
a knob because he wasn't just gonna rage
quit he was going to start scoring on
goals and that's exactly what he did
from the kick off of this puts it into
his back of the net book I'm not going
to count that as 50 K because he did
this consecutively and then he I think
he got to about 81 and then he actually
decided to rage quit so from the 41
score guys I'm gonna add 100 k which
takes us to another 250 k and leaves us
with 500 k in the bank as you see there
the score got to I think it was about it
one I think but anyway we glad we are
going to keep it at 500 care so these
are the choices you guys have got to
pick today you've got the choice of Tina
season volunteer season crews or
international man of the match Hummels
and top rack so it's up to you whether
you want to bolster the midfield or
bolster the defense and the reason we're
doing the defense is hopefully to be
able to
get some decent links with allover if we
do get enough money to go for him so
guys you have enjoyed it drop a light
weight and subscribe if you are not
subscribed more awesome fifa 14 content
and comment down below with your
selection we are back tomorrow night at
nine thirty for another episode I really
hope you've enjoyed this one check out
all youtubers and until tomorrow night
no further guys have a very very nice
for us to be there and today i have got
oh well I may as well admit I've got a
diction to counter strike global
offensive it's a game on Steam and
someone stupidly told me the name is
packed in